01. We team Programmer Squad. We decided to build a social media app. Our team decided to use Next js React framework to build the app and we choose tailwind CSS as css framework. We also implemented Socket.io for user conversation. As we all know Authentication is mandatory for any social app we also implemented that. We use firebase authentication system to authenticate our users. Now i am requesting Prantosh Bepari to give a overview of our build.

02. Thank you Mostafizur. As a social media platform its a very important part to ensure easy to use and better user experience with responsive interface. We did it very carefully. Our website is Completely responsive on any device. Moreover we ensure better user experience by building a good looking and great user friendly interface. Being a social platform one of the major feature is the ability of sharing users thought with others. I am requesting Omor ali to give a overview of our post feature.

03. Thank you Prantosh. Yes as prantosh said its an important part being a social platform for a user to share his thoughts, feelings with others. And we implemented that. A user can post and share his activity. Moreover other user can react or comment on others post to express their own views or expressions. User also can delete his own post. And definitely we have a profile for each of our user. Now i am requesting Ariful to give us a overview of our user profile.

04. Thank you Omor. We created profile for each of our users. User can particularly view his profile. And we also give ability to manage or update his profile. He can change his profile pic or cover photo. Moreover he can update his info like where he is form or where he is working or where he live, relational status etc. And every users can view other users profile. And another important feature for a social patform is keep communication with other user or easily keep their conversation. i am requesting Saddadul Siam to give us a overview of our conversation feature.

05. Thank you Ariful. Definitely it is very important to chat with each other fluently. And we did our job very carefully using socket.io as Mostafizur said. user can send message to others and get reply too. We can add user to our conversation list and keep our conversation. Moreover we can search by user name and add send messages. And we also have ability to Bookmark our users post. i am requesting Mostofa Nobi to give us a overview of Bookmarking users post.

06. Thank you Siam. Yes we implemented the feature of bookmarking users post. In case a user want to keep track of any post or he want to save any post he can do it. By opening the dropdown you can see the bookmark button by clicking that button you can add the post to your bookmarked post and you can view all the post that you have saved by simply going to that route as you can see. Moreover you can remove any post from your bookmark list. thank you everyone for your precious and valuable time and thank you again for patiently watching our presentation.